TAKE OWNERSHIP OF EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENS AT THE COMPANY
TODO
  Try to add values section if it looks good
  Add links to events
  Modify the funding meter
Done so far
  HubblyBubbly
    update About and INstagram feed fonts
    import new font
    update desktop headers
    TODO
    update sizing margin and position for mobile layout
  ask about arcs in background
  add Veteran owned bussness
  Safe harbor
    Update text on old design
    Update goals
    make mission more responsive
      (flex-col for smaller widths, and object-cover for the image...)
    remove legacy mission
    remove second 
    Whatever this means
      1. Err, we have headers and placeholder text for them, but we have the image. Let's be clearer. Copy the text from the image and place it into the design we have, and remove the image. Maybe we can use the blue circles if we make a better quality version, but I don't think that's in the design. (edited)
    add event regestration link
  Add mission/vision text
  fix mobile navbar (the blur filter broke it some how)
  hid the news letter bar
  hid the footer links
  added text to footer
  added fund raising text
  added link to event regestration
Did not do
  Add "All through the gospel of grace"
    I am not sure if and I need to add a value section
  update the funding meter
    I might need a designer for that


DONE
  Safe harbor
    create repo
    start layout
    ask about responseivness
    make it non-transaparent
    shrink nav bar
    Hide newsletter bar
    replace footer text
    hide footer links
    full screen mobile menu
    changed regester here link on page
  VRT
    his appears to fetch transactions/events, I'm not sure it's using the right event, it probably should use the deposit event,
      Your right! It should be using the deposit event!
      I don't know why it wasn't.
    After that it loops through every event (could get intensive with multiple users/deposits over time) and inserts the ones that are not in the database, into the DB.
      I changed it to insert all the new users in one api call.
      Should be much more efficent
    A minor concern is that the functions are both async, so it needs to be understood that the script will be run with only the wallets that existed the last time the script was run. 
      In the main function I prefixed each function call with "await" so it waits for the database to update before it claims the rewards
      Will that fix the problem
DONE
  1. Let's remove the lipsum from the footer. Blank is better.
    ©2023 Hubbly Bubbly Club
  2. On mobile tapping the page content should close the menu, not just the X button.
  2. On mobile tapping the page content should close the menu, not just the X button.
    MHO I suggest you adjust the spacing between the title “Instagram Feeds” and the actual thumbnails. Both on the web and mobile. (edited)
  3. It would be nicer if you add a cursor: pointer; when we hover over each rewards/buttons.
VRT
  Check for updates on removing footer section
  5. There should be a "Click to Learn More" text when we hover over each rewards.
   4. Please add the page link in the navbar.
  1. Lets add a max width to the page content (same amount as the /stake page).
  2. The font size can be improved after you set the max width so make sure they aren't too THICK or thin.
  6. The red squares aren't in a straight line, this can be achieved by positioning 
    the rewards text as absolute (position: absolute;) and doing some adjustments
    from there. The text shouldn't affect the height of the parent element.
  make repsonsive
    just shrink the layout and decrease the numbers of columns in the rewards icons…
  make Redeem cart into "buy it now" button
  BUY IT NOW" button should be green.
    Am I removing the section entirly?
  Update feedback notes + check feedback notes before pushing
  auto claim
    test script on test net
    problems
      getting the contract address in the code based on the network
      	const [deployer, user] = await ethers.getSigners();
      getting RPC address address based on the network
      	const [deployer, user] = await ethers.getSigners();
      script or task
        script
      make it apart of the repo?
        yes
      using ethers instead of web3?
        use ethers
  both
    keep track of hours
HubblyBubbly
  remove rounded corners on the right
  Position fixed on navbar